[Music]
how to medicate with a dressing
advanced hydrocolloid based one
wound or wax -based dressings
of hydrocolloids are among the most
used
have the main function of
remove the fibrin from the tissue
necrotic from the bottom of lucera have
often a good pain-relieving action
are contraindicated when I shine
signs of infection or very giving and
wets a lot are usually changed
every second fourth day sometimes yes
they associate the ointment with a hydrogel that
upgrade their cleaning action up
lucera to prepare all the material
necessary on a support plane
covered with a clean cloth gauze gloves
sterile saline solution
hydrocolloid-based dressing e
scissors that can be used to cut
the medication of the right size
place a bag nearby for
waste so you can immediately throw
the old dressing of the material that
it will get dirty then close it at the end
of the operation is to eliminate with refusal
dry thoroughly wash your hands and
wrists are just the greater hands
transmission vehicle of infections
use normal soap and prolong
wash for at least three minutes
wear non-sterile disposable gloves
remove the old dressing not
seeing it with saline solution if
too close to proceed
nothing is ever out of tear because this
medication is inherently adherent ed
it is necessary to minimize the
traumatism on thin skin is normal
that the removal is present
yellowish material the gelatinous
take a gauze touching only the
outside wet it with solution
physiological and clean the bottom of the well
lucera with moderate pressure
to promote depression and doing
circular movements from the center to the
periphery repeat the operation for 23
times because the cleaning of lucera is
very important for the process
healing also clean the skin well
around lucera but never proceed
dry from the outside inwards
with sterile gauze otherwise it will not be there
then a good adhesion of the dressing
apply the topical of associations
always written on the bottom of lucera
using a sterile gauze otherwise
use only the application based on
hydrocolloids always touch only the
outside of gaza or dressing
cut the dressing of one
such a size that goes about 3
centimeters beyond the edge of the ulcer
remove the film covering the part
who must be in contact with the skin
apply and fix with dressing
secondary
[Music]